If the Empress likes it,
I’ll come and attend to you every day.
I have Wang Momo to serve you.
The one who should be served is the Emperor.
The Emperor only visits the Consort Xian.
Now, the entire harem
is under Noble Consort Long’s rule.
Sister, don’t speak recklessly.
It’s only because we’re powerless.
This妖妃 (demon consort) is simply the second Noble Consort Yan.
Quick, summon the imperial physician!
Empress Dowager, are you alright?
Mother, how are you?
Your Majesty need not worry.
The imperial physician says the Empress Dowager only had a moment of extreme anxiety.
There’s nothing serious.
Your Majesty,
Mother, are you alright?
I’m fine.
But I am unfilial.
Recently, with all the affairs,
I haven’t been visiting you enough.
Mother,
Recently, it has been Noble Consort De coming to pay her respects.
I only hope the six palaces remain harmonious.
I also know,
you have a strong liking for Noble Consort Rong.
But too much of anything is excessive.
The Emperor should still be fair to all.
I will make my own decisions.
Don’t worry, Mother.
Thank you for your concern.
Your Majesty.